README.md, before:

# frontend-challenge

Welcome to paymenttools.

# This is a simple react project setup with vite and typescript

## run it locally

This application is using `pnpm` as package manager. To install the package manager run

```
npm install -g pnpm
```

To install dependencies run

```
pnpm install
```

To run the application locally run

```
npm run dev
```

## fakeStoreApi

here you find a mock API to use for fetching products

```
https://fakestoreapi.com/docs
```

# coding challenge

Here are some challenges that you can tackle together with your interview partners. It is not about solving all of them or solve them in a perfect manner, but more about seeing how you would approach the different tasks. Feel free to ask for help.

## 1. Fetch API

- Please extend this application by fetching and displaying some products from the api above.

  - There is no requirement on how to do this, it's up to you
  - Material UI and styled-components is already installed and ready to use

- Please implement a functionality to add a new product.

## 2. Unit test

Please build a simple component with some user interaction and write a unit test for it.

- jest and testing-library/react is already installed and ready to use

## 3. Fix and render component XY

- Please have a look at ./.../xy and render it in the App.

## 4. Evaluate code snippet

- Please take a look at ./.../abc and share your thoughts about the code.

# Happy Coding :heart: :rocket:

Commit message:

Add infinite loop for tabs

README.md, after:

# frontend-challenge

Welcome to paymenttools.

# This is a simple react project setup with vite and typescript

## run it locally

This application is using `pnpm` as package manager. To install the package manager run

```
npm install -g pnpm
```

To install dependencies run

```
pnpm install
```

To run the application locally run

```
npm run dev
```

## fakeStoreApi

here you find a mock API to use for fetching products

```
https://fakestoreapi.com/docs
```

# coding challenge

Here are some challenges that you can tackle together with your interview partners. It is not about solving all of them or solve them in a perfect manner, but more about seeing how you would approach the different tasks. Feel free to ask for help.

## 1. Fetch API

- Please extend this application by fetching and displaying some products from the api above.

  - There is no requirement on how to do this, it's up to you
  - Material UI and styled-components is already installed and ready to use

- Please implement a functionality to add a new product.

## 2. Unit test

- Please build a simple component with some user interaction and write a unit test for it.

  - jest and testing-library/react is already installed and ready to use

## 3. Fix and render component PTTabs

- Please have a look at `src/components/tabs/PTTabs.tsx` and render it in the App.

  - The component is supposed to have a working tab switch to show different content

## 4. Evaluate code snippet

- Please take a look at ./.../abc and share your thoughts about the code.

# Happy Coding :heart: :rocket:
